gentlemen were in 3000 BC to reach this
lost civilization science had followed a
trail through burning desert sands
through the roaring avalanches of monkey
Tala
and finally deep into the bowels of the
earth
not even history had recorded the
existence of this unknown Empire of
darkness there is no world beyond ours I
ever get out of here in the Maya the
world of light and flowers but he come
with me never before have Outsiders
beheld such sights the sacred ritual of
the Sun death the blazing sacrificial
chambers
the court of the all-powerful high
priests of estar you will die in the
fire of Ishtar
the bloodlust among people storming from
their subterranean caverns
you